add min glibc version for images (#404)
cdr/docs: images/structure.md

Your users can then create descendant images. These contain all of the original
tooling and configuration installed onto the base image and the new
customizations added by the users.

## Coder assets

> Coder inserts assets into each workspace to enable code-server, JetBrains IDEs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coder injects static assets into each workspace, including code-server, JetBrains IDEs,
```

Author: I think we were moving away from using the word "inject"? I'll let @khorne3 confirm.

Reviewer: If that's the case, then I suppose we should make similar changes to our in-product copy too

and the Coder CLI. These assets are installed into the `/var/tmp/coder` directory
of each workspace.

> The minimum GNU libc version supported for such binaries is `2.1`.

Reviewer: Do you know if the symbol version reported by the objdump/ldd tools always matches the library/release version of glibc?

Author: I don't know. Do you know where we can check the glibc library version?

Reviewer 2: ldd shows the version it was compiled with and the minimum it supports

Your users can then create descendant images. These contain all of the original
tooling and configuration installed onto the base image and the new
customizations added by the users.

## Coder assets

Coder inserts static assets into each workspace, including code-server, JetBrains

> IDEs, and the Coder CLI. These assets are installed into the `/var/tmp/coder` directory

Reviewer 2: We don't inject jetbrains IDEs. I think you're confusing this with the code-server jetbrains plugin, which we don't need to document publicly.

Author: The prior wording was "assets that enable" the JetBrains IDEs, so I'll make the change to explicitly reference the Projector binary. Thanks for catching this.

of each workspace.

You do not need to include these assets in your own custom images. However, when

> building your own images, the following utilities are required:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
building your own images, the following software is required:
```

- [POSIX Utilities](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/idx/utilities.html)
- [GNU libc](https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/libc.html)
  - The minimum GNU libc version supported for the Coder-inserted assets is `2.1`
  - Alpine is not supported, since it uses musl libc

> - [GNU Core Utilities](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_GNU_Core_Utilities_commands)

Author: I'm unsure if we are comfortable with referencing Wikipedia on our docs page. But this was the best listing of the utilities I could find.

> - [GNU Core Utilities](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_GNU_Core_Utilities_commands)

Author: I'm unsure if we are comfortable with referencing Wikipedia on our docs page. But this was the best listing of the utilities I could find.

Reviewer 2: maybe https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/

The following utilities are optional:

- [ssh-agent](https://www.ssh.com/academy/ssh/agent) for automatically adding the
Coder user's public SSH key to the agent
- [systemd](https://systemd.io) for service supervision
  - Only available with [CVMs](../workspaces/cvms)
- [OpenSSH](https://www.openssh.com) server
  - This can be run from either your `coder/configure` script or `systemd`

> - [gpg](https://www.gnupg.org) & [gpg-agent](https://www.gnupg.org/documentation/manuals/gnupg/Invoking-GPG_002dAGENT.html#Invoking-GPG_002dAGENT)

Author: @deansheather in your clubhouse story, you marked the `gpg` utility as "future". let me know if I should add context here about a future supported capabilities.

Reviewer 2: Probably don't include gpg until we make it a feature

Your users can then create descendant images. These contain all of the original
tooling and configuration installed onto the base image and the new
customizations added by the users.

## Coder assets

Coder inserts static assets into each workspace, including:

- code-server
- JetBrains Projector
- Coder CLI

These assets are installed into the `/var/tmp/coder` directory of each
workspace. You do not need to include these statics assets in your custom

> images. However, the following software are **required** when you build custom

Author: purely a grammatical question - is this supposed to be `the following software are` or `the following software is`?

Reviewer 2: "is" I think, @khorne3

Reviewer 3: I actually Googled this because I didn't know -- software is both singular and plural, but I ended up choosing plural because the list has 2+ items

images:

- [POSIX
  Utilities](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/idx/utilities.html)
- [GNU libc](https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/libc.html)
  - The minimum GNU libc version supported for the Coder-inserted assets is
    `2.1`
  - Coder doesn't support Alpine, since it uses musl libc
- [GNU Core Utilities](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/)

The following utilities are **optional**:

- [ssh-agent](https://www.ssh.com/academy/ssh/agent) to automatically add the
  Coder user's public SSH key to the agent
- [systemd](https://systemd.io) for service supervision (this is only available
  with [CVMs](../workspaces/cvms)
- [OpenSSH](https://www.openssh.com) server
  - You can run OpenSSH from either your `coder/configure` script or `systemd`

> - [gpg](https://www.gnupg.org) and
>   [gpg-agent](https://www.gnupg.org/documentation/manuals/gnupg/Invoking-GPG_002dAGENT.html#Invoking-GPG_002dAGENT)
>   for data encryption

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
